# Redirecting errors
This challenge wants us to redirect the output of /challenge/run, like before, to myflag, and the "errors" to instructions.
## My solution
**Flag**'pwn.college{IoSSW6dodsnd0k4MzRyV8fvaUN-.QX3YTN0wiMxEzNzEzW}'
1. I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Execution 
'''
hacker@piping~redirecting-errors:~$ /challenge/run > myflag 2> instructions
hacker@piping~redirecting-errors:~$ cat instructions
[INFO] WELCOME! This challenge makes the following asks of you:
[INFO] - the challenge will check that output is redirected to a specific file path : myflag
[INFO] - the challenge will check that error output is redirected to a specific file path : instructions
[INFO] - the challenge will output a reward file if all the tests pass : /flag

[HYPE] ONWARDS TO GREATNESS!

[INFO] This challenge will perform a bunch of checks.
[INFO] If you pass these checks, you will receive the /flag file.

[TEST] You should have redirected my stdout to a file called myflag. Checking...

[PASS] The file at the other end of my stdout looks okay!

[TEST] You should have redirected my stderr to instructions. Checking...

[PASS] The file at the other end of my stderr looks okay!
[PASS] Success! You have satisfied all execution requirements.
hacker@piping~redirecting-errors:~$ cat myflag

[FLAG] Here is your flag:
[FLAG] pwn.college{IoSSW6dodsnd0k4MzRyV8fvaUN-.QX3YTN0wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''

## What I learned 
- A File Descriptor (FD) is a number that describes a communication channel in Linux. We're already familiar with three:
FD 0: Standard Input
FD 1: Standard Output
FD 2: Standard Error
- Syntax: '2>'
- Defalut (if nothing is specified before '>') is '1>'.
- We can redirect multiple file descriptors at the same time