# Grepping stored results
This challenge wants us to grep for the flag in the file /tmp/data.txt after redirect the output from /challenge/run.
## My solution
**Flag**'pwn.college{If4gKQQimcLYISM6ulBAElGfzuC.QX4EDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}'
1. I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Execution 
'''
hacker@piping~grepping-stored-results:~$ /challenge/run > /tmp/data.txt
[INFO] WELCOME! This challenge makes the following asks of you:
[INFO] - the challenge will check that output is redirected to a specific file path : /tmp/data.txt
[INFO] - the challenge will output a reward file if all the tests pass : /challenge/.data.txt

[HYPE] ONWARDS TO GREATNESS!

[INFO] This challenge will perform a bunch of checks.
[INFO] If you pass these checks, you will receive the /challenge/.data.txt file.

[TEST] You should have redirected my stdout to a file called /tmp/data.txt. Checking...

[HINT] File descriptors are inherited from the parent, unless the FD_CLOEXEC is set by the parent on the file descriptor.
[HINT] For security reasons, some programs, such as python, do this by default in certain cases. Be careful if you are
[HINT] creating and trying to pass in FDs in python.

[PASS] The file at the other end of my stdout looks okay!
[PASS] Success! You have satisfied all execution requirements.
hacker@piping~grepping-stored-results:~$ grep pwn.college /tmp/data.txt
pwn.college{If4gKQQimcLYISM6ulBAElGfzuC.QX4EDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''

## What I learned 
- The grep command can be used to efficiently extract data.