# Grepping live output 
This challenge wants us to grep for the flag using the '|' pipe operator from '/challenge/run' directly. This method avoids the need to store results to a file.
## My solution
**Flag**'pwn.college{kN0SXA96WpQuh2guVBOZeG3nQPq.QX5EDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}'
1. I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Execution 
'''
hacker@piping~grepping-live-output:~$ /challenge/run | grep pwn.college
[INFO] WELCOME! This challenge makes the following asks of you:
[INFO] - the challenge checks for a specific process at the other end of stdout : grep
[INFO] - the challenge will output a reward file if all the tests pass : /challenge/.data.txt

[HYPE] ONWARDS TO GREATNESS!

[INFO] This challenge will perform a bunch of checks.
[INFO] If you pass these checks, you will receive the /challenge/.data.txt file.

[TEST] You should have redirected my stdout to another process. Checking...
[TEST] Performing checks on that process!

[INFO] The process' executable is /nix/store/8b4vn1iyn6kqiisjvlmv67d1c0p3j6wj-gnugrep-3.11/bin/grep.
[INFO] This might be different than expected because of symbolic links (for example, from /usr/bin/python to /usr/bin/python3 to /usr/bin/python3.8).
[INFO] To pass the checks, the executable must be grep.

[PASS] You have passed the checks on the process on the other end of my stdout!
[PASS] Success! You have satisfied all execution requirements.
pwn.college{kN0SXA96WpQuh2guVBOZeG3nQPq.QX5EDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''

## What I learned 
- The echo command is used to read files
hacker@piping~grepping-live-output:~$ echo /challenge/run | grep pwn.college
when reading from directories directly like in the above example, you should not use echo, it directly gives the output.
- Using pipe ('|') operator elimnates the needof storing data in a file.
