**Flag** 'pwn.college{Qsm9TtbuVoLvn2WN2uVl5ikY5Mk.QXwUTN0wiMxEzNzEzW}'
1. 
I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. My solution
'''
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ ./challenge/run
Correct!!!
./challenge/run is a relative path, invoked from the right directory!
Here is your flag:
pwn.college{Qsm9TtbuVoLvn2WN2uVl5ikY5Mk.QXwUTN0wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''

# What I learned
I learned that to execute this challenge I had to enter the '/' directory using the cd command and then call using a relative path ' ./challenge/run' which I understoood after making the following mistakes and then finally getting the correct flag.
'''
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/run$ cd
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:~$ /challenge/././././run
Incorrect...
You are not currently in the / directory.
Please use the `cd` utility to change directory appropriately.
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:~$ cd /
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ /challenge/././././run
Incorrect...
You invoked this challenge with an absolute path. This challenge needs a relative path!
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ challenge/...
bash: challenge/...: No such file or directory
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ challenge/./././
bash: challenge/./././: Is a directory
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ challenge/./././run
Incorrect...
This challenge must be called with a relative path that explicitly starts with a `.`!
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ ./challenge
bash: ./challenge: Is a directory
hacker@paths~explicit-relative-paths-from-:/$ ./challenge/run
Correct!!!
./challenge/run is a relative path, invoked from the right directory!
Here is your flag:
pwn.college{Qsm9TtbuVoLvn2WN2uVl5ikY5Mk.QXwUTN0wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''