# Home sweet home
This challenge wanted me to invoke a file path satisfying the following conditions
1. Your argument must be an absolute path.
2. The path must be inside your home directory.
3. Before expansion, your argument must be three characters or less.

**Flag**'pwn.college{gqSO4TCgiWaG_xkHk_mjEuthkev.QXzMDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}'
## My solution
1. I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Output
'''
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:~$ /challenge/run ~/f
Writing the file to /home/hacker/f!
... and reading it back to you:
pwn.college{gqSO4TCgiWaG_xkHk_mjEuthkev.QXzMDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:~$ cat ~/f
pwn.college{gqSO4TCgiWaG_xkHk_mjEuthkev.QXzMDO0wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''
# What I learned
The ~ in this prompt is the current working directory, with ~ being shorthand for /home/hacker. This shorthand is provided as most of the time is spent in this directory. Following are the errors encountered before getting the right flag.
'''
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:/tmp$ cd
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:~$ /challenge/run /Desktop
The argument you provided must not have been longer than 3 characters (it's
currently 8 characters long)!
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:~$ /challenge/run /D
The argument you provided is not under your home directory!
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:~$ /challenge/run /D:/
The argument you provided must not have been longer than 3 characters (it's
currently 4 characters long)!
hacker@paths~home-sweet-home:~$ /challenge/run /D:
The argument you provided is not under your home directory!
'''