# Hello Hackers
This module contains three challenges that includes Intro to Commands, Intro to Arguments and Command History

# Intro to Commands
The challenge asks to invoke the `hello` command to retrieve the module flag. 
Since the Linux commands are case sensitive, thus we should run exactly the same way in the shell to get the flag. On sumbitting the flag, challenge is completed.

## My solution
**Flag:** pwn.college{IsKFWHsrk9ZcQMBW60toFcNMhVF.QX3YjM1wiMxEzNzEzW}
1. I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Now the shell is connected to dojo. Now on typing `hello` and clicking on Enter, I get the flag that I can submit on [pwn.college](https://pwn.college/linux-luminarium/hello/) to complete the challenge.
hacker@hello~intro-to-commands:~$ hello
Success! Here is your flag:
pwn.college{IsKFWHsrk9ZcQMBW60toFcNMhVF.QX3YjM1wiMxEzNzEzW}

**Note:** Here We have to be cautious while writing commands as Linux filenames and command names are case-sensitive.

- Since we have to invoke the command `hello`, I assumed that there is a pre defined command set by pwn.college.
- Also we have to take care to START the challenge first on pwn.college and then execute the command.
## What I learned
1. Basic structure of linux commands.
    - Every command in shell follows a structure like - `whoami`
    - and we can execute the commands with Enter key.
    - When command is entered, the shell invokes it and performs the operation and prints the output.
    - After execution shell prompt reappears for next command.
2. Commands in Linux are case sensitive.
    - `hello` will work while all others like `Hello` or `HELLO` will not work in this particular case.
## References 
- [pwn.college](https://pwn.college/linux-luminarium/hello/) - Hello Hackers / Intro to Commands module pages
- [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) - To refer some markdown elements like nested points/lists

