
# Intro to Arguments
The challenge asks to run the `hello` command but this time with an argument that is `hackers`.
Instead of just typing `hello` that is a single command, we have to write command + argument that is `hello hackers`. The flag is printed as output and on sumbitting the flag, challenge is completed.

## My solution
**Flag:** pwn.college{AVPoMEnevgJS5aFh1WaRzs_h9e1.QX4YjM1wiMxEzNzEzW}

1.  I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Now the shell is connected to dojo. I typed the command `hello hackers`
    '''
    hacker@hello~intro-to-arguments:~$ hello hackers
Success! Here is your flag:
pwn.college{AVPoMEnevgJS5aFh1WaRzs_h9e1.QX4YjM1wiMxEzNzEzW}
'''
3. When testing for echo hackers:
hacker@hello~intro-to-arguments:~$ echo hackers
hackers

4.  The flag appeared on the screen, which I then copied and submitted on [pwn.college](https://pwn.college/linux-luminarium/hello/) to complete the challenge.

- The challenge asked not to use `echo hackers` because echo simply prints arguments and will not provide the flag.

## What I learned

1. Commands and arguments structure
    - Command - first word (In our case `hello`)
    - Argument - They are additional values passed to commands (in this case `hackers`)
2. Difference in commands
    - On running `hello hackers` it returns flag for the input as the challenge says.
    - But on running `echo hackers`, it only prints the text as the echo function just prints the argument provided after it.
3. Concept of multiple arguments
    - Some commands can accept multiple arguments like - `echo Hello Hackers!`
    - But in our case we need only one argument.

## References 
- [pwn.college](https://pwn.college/linux-luminarium/hello/) - Hello Hackers / Intro to Arguments module pages
- Just went through a part of [Linux arguments](https://www.w3resource.com/linux-system-administration/commands-and-arguments.php) - Got to know how arguments are taken and whitespaces are removed during execution.
