# Command History
In this challenge the flag is already injected into the command history. We have to open terminal, start the challenge and press **up arrow key** to get our flag that was hidden in the command history. On sumbitting the flag, challenge is completed.

# My solution
**Flag:**  'pwn.college{cGVbXErGJSmaicTI_-fH4LLFFz6.0lNzEzNxwiMxEzNzEzW}'

1. I connected the dojo host using SSH command.
'''
Dell@DESKTOP-9TLK9SE MINGW64 ~ (master)
$ ssh -i./key hacker@dojo.pwn.college
Connected!
'''
2. Now the shell is connected to dojo. Inside the shell, I pressed the up arrow key. The shell displayed the prevously saved command that contained the flag.
    '''
    hacker@hello~command-history:~$ the flag is pwn.college{cGVbXErGJSmaicTI_-fH4LLFFz6.0lNzEzNxwiMxEzNzEzW}
    '''
3. I copied this flag and submitted it on [pwn.college](https://pwn.college/linux-luminarium/hello/) to complete the challenge.

The challenge shows how shell keeps a record of the commands that we enter in the command line.


## What I learned
1. Concept of Command history
    - The shell stores all the executed commands in the history buffer.
    - This makes repetitive or earlier executed commands to run without typing them from scratch.
2. Navigation through history
    - Pressing Up arrow key retrieves previous commands
    - Pressing Down arrow key to scroll back to the recent commands.
3. Practical advantages and Security
    - Saves time for a hacker by avoiding repetitive typing.
    - Useful for recalling long commands that was previously executed.
    - Sensitive data typed in commands can also be stored and sometimes flags or creedenetials may be hidden inside history.

## References 
- [pwn.college](https://pwn.college/linux-luminarium/hello/) - Hello Hackers / Command History module pages
- Read little bit about the `history` command from [linux history command](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/linux-history-command)